My name is Michael Westen.
I used to be a spy until--
- [ Man ] We got a burn notice
on you. You're blacklisted.
- [ Whistles ]
[ Michael Narrating ]
When you're burned,
you've got nothing--
no cash, no credit,
no job history.
- You're stuck in whatever city
they decide to dump you in.
- Where am I?
Miami.
You do whatever work
comes your way.
- You rely on anyone
who's still talking to you--
- [ Laughs ]
- a trigger-happy
ex-girlfriend--
- Should we shoot them?
an old friend
who used to inform on you
to the F.B.I.--
You know spies.
Bunch of bitchy little girls.
- Family too--
- Hey, is that your mom again?
- if you're desperate.
- Someone needs
your help, Michael.
Bottom line:
As long as you're burned,
you're not going anywhere.
[ Michael Narrating ]
National intelligence agencies
and local law enforcement...
work together more often
than you might think.
Most metropolitan
police stations have an office
called a fusion center,
where classified intel
is collected in one place.
It's a great resource
if you need information fast.
Unfortunately, it does involve
breaking into a police station.
You sure
this is the move, Mike?
To find the list
of the people who burned me,
I'd break into the Pentagon.
Okay, but you don't even know if
you're gonna get what you need.
The guy who stole it--
Justin Walsh--
worked with the D.O.D.
Fusion center monitors
the communication of anyone
with a job in national security.
They'll have something.
Okay.
You're Mr. Elias Schmidt,
Shadyglade Neighborhood Watch.
You got a meeting
with Officer Pepiol
in Community Outreach.
His office is on the floor
below the center database.
- Elias?
- Your friends call you Eli.
It doesn't matter.
Once you get past security,
you're on your own.
[ Groans ]
And no action-guy stuff,
okay?
- Your gunshot wound's
gonna be a little tender.
- It's not tender, Sam.
Keep the engine running.
[ Michael Narrating ]
Because undercover cops
and confidential informants...
don't like
their pictures taken--
Here you go, sir.
Go on up.
only the public areas
of police stations
are kept under surveillance.
So once
you're past the lobby,
the only cameras
you have to avoid
are the ones taking mug shots.
Mr. Schmidt, I'm Officer Pep--
I think you're looking
for someone else.
I'm here to see
Detective Marano,
Homicide.
[ Michael Narrating ]
Get caught with a lock-pick set
in a police station,
and you've got problems.
A pair of cheap sunglasses
is less suspicious
and just about as effective.
Modify them in advance,
and you can use the stems
as a rake and tension tool.
And if you get caught,
you're just a guy
with some busted sunglasses.
[ Lock Clicks ]
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
[ Computer Beeping ]
[ Beeping ]
He checked in using
the name "Elias Schmidt,"
but never made it to my office.
He's loose in this building.
We've got a trespasser
in the facility.
Lock down the exits.
We need to do a full
I.D. check.
[ Officers Chattering,
Shouting ]
[ Police Radio Chatter ]
[ Michael Narrating ]
Police officers uphold
the chain of command as sacred.
Act like you're in charge,
and someone new to the force
won't dare question
your authority.
Crazy son of a bitch
jumped!
He went out the window?
The guy is out of his mind.
Rookie, are you deaf?
Call all units outside. Go!
Yeah! I'm on it!
[ Officer ]
Escaped! Let's move it!
[ Siren Wailing ]
Oh, come on, Mike.
[ Officers Shouting ]
Check out back!
Check the side!
Hold there!
Time to go, Sam.
I ever tell you
you're the reason
I drink, Mikey?
[ Michael Narrating ]
It's hard to forgive someone
after a betrayal,
even if it was for a good cause.
There's nothing more difficult
to repair in the field
than trust.
You know what? Next time
you're gonna pull something
like, I don't know,
breaking into a fusion center,
I'd appreciate
a little heads-up.
Well, you're here now.
And this is every e-mail...
Walsh has written
in the last year.
Sharing all I've got, Jesse.
I'm just saying.
Whatever our past
disagreements may be,
I'm still your partner
on this.
Right. And when did you plan
on telling your partner...
what you just discovered
in that stack there?
You've read the same page
three times.
Walsh sent messages
to alphanumeric
e-mail addresses...
in Taiwan, Peru,
Bulgaria.
It's disguised as a discussion
about stamp collecting,
but check it out.
They're talking
about minimum bids,
delivery conditions.
He's auctioning the list.
We need to find out where
it's happening, intercept it.
To track down guys like that,
it's gonna take some help.
We're gonna need
somebody with some pull,
somebody in the government.
- What about your old handler?
- Marv? No.
Besides, Marv's by the book.
If he helped us,
he'd file a report on it.
You worked with the man
for eight years.
You have no idea how to
motivate him to do it quietly?
What, you want me
to blackmail him? Oh,
that's good. That's great.
- You know what's at stake.
- [ Exhales ]
There might be a way to get
to Marv. It's a low blow, man.
It's gonna have to come
from somebody he doesn't know.
I could call Sam.
[ Madeline ] This is the last
of your stuff from the house.
Michael, are you sure you
wanna go back to the loft?
- Your shoulder's still leaking.
- I'm fine, Ma.
No. You got shot.
Yeah, but, thanks to Jesse,
just in the right spot.
Tell you boys what.
Why don't I make margaritas,
and we'll work on clearing
the air between you two?
I gotta run.
Fi's paying me
by the hour.
Fi-- Fi got a job?
- She didn't call me.
- Maybe she wanted you
to get your rest.
You could've
mentioned...
your client
docks his boat
out in the boonies.
Sorry.
But I'm glad you came.
I wasn't sure
you'd be up for a gig.
Why not?
I'm all for
honest work.
I meant us working together--
again, by choice.
Okay. Can I just
say something real quick?
And then we'll
never have to
bring it up again.
When I found out you'd been
lying to me, it hurt. Okay?
But I know you only did it
'cause Michael asked you to.
You were being loyal to him.
I can respect that.
I can forgive you for that.
So we're cool.
All right? You're not the one
I have the issue with.
- We should talk about
you and Michael.
- Fi, let's just--
Just tell me
who we're meeting.
[ Sighs ]
His name is Stuart.
He tried to buy a .357 from
a gun dealer friend of mine.
But he was so upset,
my friend gave him my number
instead of the gun.
Stuart, I'm Fiona.
This is Jesse.
- What is he, your muscle?
- No. I have plenty of muscle.
He's more like a sidekick.
Why don't you just tell us
about your problem, Stuart?
My sister Stephanie's
in trouble.
She fell in love with this
Venezuelan diplomat-- Marco.
He's dirty.
Think he moves drugs.
I warned her,
but she moved to Caracas.
Didn't take long before
he started beating on her.
So I went down there myself
and brought her back.
- Good for you.
- Somehow, he found Stephanie.
Now he's holding her
like a prisoner.
I tried to get her.
All I got was this beating.
I think he's gonna take her
back to Venezuela.
So you haven't gone
to the cops yet.
He's a diplomat.
He's practically
untouchable.
He told the cops
Stephanie was on vacation,
and they just left. That's it.
Don't worry.
We'll get her back.
Fiona, when it's time to go in,
I want to come with you.
I'm her big brother.
I'm supposed to protect her.
I know how you feel.
We'll call you soon.
[ Cell Phone Beeping ]
[ Michael Narrating ] Blackmail
may be effective at times,
but it's never fun.
The problem is
that it works best...
on people
that are basically good.
[ Cell Phone Ringing ]
If someone's made a mistake
he regrets,
it's easy to make him
regret it even more.
Marv Peterson.
Yeah, Marv,
this is Chuck Finley,
private investigator
out of Dade County.
What's this about?
Sensitive
information, sir.
in what way exactly?
Sensitive as in July, 2003.
Do I need to spell it out?
You, a young woman
named Sally Baker...
and a $60-a-night
roadside motel.
I recommend that you
come down to Miami
to handle this.
Handle what?
Look, I told her
it was over.
She want money?
She okay?
Just be on the first
flight out tomorrow.
I'll fill you in.
All right, I can do that.
Keep your phone on.
[ Beeps ]
[ Michael Narrating ]
Scouting security
from a distance...
is mainly just a matter
of observation.
You set up
in a concealed place...
and watch incoming vehicles,
personnel and weapons.
This guy Marco
doesn't mess around.
High walls for privacy,
couple S.U.V.s worth
of goons.
- He's wired tight.
- I think we can handle it.
[ Michael Narrating ]
Getting additional
information...
usually requires
a more direct approach.
- No, no, no, no.
What are you doing?
- I'm gonna ring the bell.
Whoever answers the gate
is gonna take me
on a little guided tour.
Jesus. Fi.
Is it me, or are you
taking this gig
a bit personally?
I have a thing
for lost little sisters.
Yeah, I get that, but can we do
a little recon first, please,
that doesn't involve
waving a gun around
like a crazy person?
How? You have a satellite
that you haven't mentioned?
I think I got a way.
I've done it
a couple times before.
We're just gonna need
another car.
[ Phone Beeps ]
[ Michael Narrating ]
The best security probe
isn't necessarily stealthy.
Sometimes you want to be
right out in the open.
- [ Line Rings ]
- Buckle up, big guy.
[ Jesse ]
Copy that.
Game face is on-- now.
[ Jesse Groans ]
- [ Groaning ]
- [ Michael Narrating ]
With the right approach,
you can march up
to your enemy's front door--
- The hell was that?
- Hey!
evaluate his defenses
and personnel--
[ Jesse ]
Please. I think I hit my head
on my steering wheel.
without anyone realizing
what you're up to.
[ Man Speaking Spanish ]
I think I hit my head.
- No entiende.
- What the hell's goin' on?
I'll tell you what's goin' on.
One of your guards here
caused an accident.
Now he's pulling
the "me no speak English"
routine. I know you comprende.
My cousin is a lawyer,
and I will sue each
and every one of you guys.
I got a headache--
I gotta use your phone.
Oh, my God. You better hope
that guy has some insurance,
'cause I got enough points
on my record as it is.
Here's your insurance.
Now go.
But I gotta call my girlfriend.
She's gonna come pick me up.
'Cause my head's
really hurting, man.
I'm feeling dizzy.
Seriously, I think I have,
like, a concussion, so--
I just gotta use your phone.
[ Hammer Cocks ]
Find a pay phone.
You're leaving.
I'm just gonna leave.
You don't have to push
that hard, Fi.
If you stopped fidgeting,
we'd be done already.
[ Groans ]
Hey. Things
not go well on the job?
Jesse got into
a little fender bender.
We just stopped by to borrow
some of your medical supplies.
What's this?
Girl's being held captive
by her boyfriend.
This is his place. Anyway--
There's sentries
that patrol the yard.
They got machine guns.
There's sirens here and here.
I'm talking about big-ass ones,
like for tornado warnings.
- And this?
- Those are floodlights.
Anybody tries
to sneak in
at night,
place lights up
like Dolphin Stadium.
What about inside the house?
My guess is they're not
keeping her inside the house.
Best bet is she's
in one of these sheds.
Outside, here and here.
Holding a girl
takes one,
maybe two people.
You don't need
a team of sentries,
tornado sirens and floodlights.
Why don't you just spit out
whatever's on your mind, Westen?
There's got to be more
than just a boyfriend
who won't let go.
Well, we're gonna go see Stuart.
Maybe he can fill us in.
I'm happy to go if you need
an extra set of eyes, Fi.
Fine. Let's go.
This is Marco's compound.
These X's are guys
with machine guns.
All of 'em?
Yeah.
- Is there any way past them?
- Sure. We can make a plan.
But why don't you
start by telling us
what's really going on?
What do you mean?
This security is designed
to keep armed intruders out,
not a 20-something woman in.
Is your sister mixed up
in something illegal?
Maybe. I'm on the water
three weeks out of every month.
Don't lie to us, dude.
We're trying to help you.
My sister's a victim.
I swear on my mother's grave--
[ Footsteps Approach ]
Hi. Remember me?
I kinda changed my hair, but--
- Natalie.
- What, you guys
know this woman?
They didn't tell you
about the time
that I stole Barry's ledger?
I'm hurt.
Long story short--
I'm a thief.
He was lying.
He doesn't have a sister.
I picked him up in Boca,
scamming cancer patients.
It was a great job
scouting the compound,
by the way. Top-notch.
Whoa!
Hand cannons in the water.
Right now. Everybody.
Let's go! Chop-chop!
Fiona, you especially
should hear me out.
Because, well, not only am I
holding you at gunpoint, but--
- My .45.
- It's a bad call
to use your car as an armory.
And this is a good one.
Good prints.
So you guys do anything stupid,
it goes straight
to the Miami P.D.
- What do you want?
- The situation is this.
I got a job a month ago
with some Venezuelan
revolutionary types.
They wanted me
to steal something. I did.
And it turned out
that the "something"
was a chemical weapon.
I need to steal it back.
I know what kind of heat
this could bring down,
and I don't plan on rotting
in some secret prison
somewhere.
And you, being the good people
that you are,
do not want a chemical weapon
floating around.
So I figure we steal it,
we destroy it-- everybody wins.
- ** [ Funk On Stereo ]
- [ Woman Laughing ]
That party boat's gonna
pull in here any second,
and some coed is gonna find
our dead friend over there.
So do we join forces or not?
Please say yes.
- We'll do it.
- Super. I'll be in touch.
Well, Natalie's story
checks out.
There's been chatter
in military intel circles...
that Venezuelan rebels
got their hands
on something big.
Lucky us.
It's right here
in our backyard.
I can't believe
we're contemplating
working with Natalie.
Is it me, or did she just
kill a man in front of us?
And she's all set
to frame you for the murder.
We don't have a choice, Fi.
Fine. Call the F.B.I.
Okay, sure. But Marco's here
on a diplomatic passport.
By the time
anybody got cleared
for surveillance or a raid,
that weapon
would be long gone.
Which leaves us.
You could've mentioned that this
was an "eat in your socks"
kind of place.
It's traditional Japanese.
You're gonna love it.
Listen, I feel like we
started off on the wrong foot.
You shot an unarmed man.
I'd say that's
the wrong foot.
What was I gonna do?
I was gonna call and say,
"Hi. I know we tried
to kill each other,
but I need a favor"?
Come on. Let's just
get on with it.
I got these specs
from a Russian
who owed me a favor.
It's what we're after.
It's called Novichok agent.
- Novichok. Seriously?
- Mm-hmm.
Compared to that stuff,
mustard gas
might as well be cologne.
Well, we can curse the darkness
or we can light a candle.
So, who's got ideas
about how to get it back?
Talk to me, boys.
Compound security
is set up for defense,
not mobility.
The S.U.V.s aren't armored,
and the road is isolated.
We get them
to bring the weapon out,
we split 'em up,
we tear-gas 'em,
we take it.
Nice. How do you
get them outside?
We'll convince them
they have a gas leak--
something dangerous enough
to require an evacuation.
See? I knew you'd be
perfect for this.
We do this, you're
gonna stay with us
the entire time...
where we can
keep an eye on you.
And we don't let you leave
until we get Fi's gun back.
Deal?
Whatever you may have heard,
there is still some honor
among thieves.
Yes. Deal.
To teamwork.
Come on.
[ Chuckles ]
[ Michael Narrating ]
It may surprise anyone who
has left on a stove burner,
but natural gas is odorless.
The smell most people
think of as gas is actually
an additive called T.H.T.
Which means that making people
think there's a gas leak...
is as simple as pumping T.H.T.
into the air...
with a portable pump
and some rubber hose.
It's safe, effective
and easy to deploy.
But it smells like you've just
wandered into an open sewer.
Then you just have to get
the package in place...
without anyone
getting suspicious.
Fiona?
Sorry. I'm staying in a hotel
while I look for a new place,
and I needed somewhere private
to do a little work.
Oh.
- Is that a stroller?
- No, don't get any ideas.
Please. [ Scoffs ]
You're not gonna
get baby fever from me.
Michael's too busy
running around with a gun...
to take care of a hamster,
much less a child.
I'm glad you're here.
I've been wanting to talk to you
about this Michael-and-Jesse
situation.
Yeah. It's complicated.
They're working together,
but I'm not sure
it'll ever be the same.
I'm gonna get the two of them
in a room together,
and I need your help.
Madeline,
I know you mean well.
Don't patronize me,
sweetheart.
Remember, I used to push Michael
around in one of these.
Just tell me you'll help me
when the time comes.
[ Exhales ]
Yeah.
[ Michael Narrating ]
Recruiting a source
is a painful process.
Threatening to ruin
someone's life can put a lot
of strain on a relationship...
and make it tough
to work together.
Hello, Marv. Chuck Finley.
Nice to meet you.
Wish I could say the same.
What's this about?
The good news is
this has nothing to do...
with your marital indiscretion
with Sally Baker.
The bad news?
[ Michael Narrating ]
But sometimes a bad relationship
is the best you can do.
Jesse, what the hell
are you doin' to me?
I can't be here. I can't be
talking to you. You know that.
I know. If there was
any other way--
Other than dragging
my private life into this?
I'm sorry.
I really need your help.
My help? What, are you kidding?
This is the second time
you tricked me into meeting you.
You wanna know
what happened
the first time?
The help you gave me led
directly to the takedown
of Drake Technologies.
You're involved with that?
Yes.
- The congressional hearings
are still going on.
- I know.
And trust me, you don't
wanna know the details,
but you helped stop
some very bad people, Marv.
So I'm asking you
to do it again.
All right. What do you need?
Someone's getting ready
to auction off something
really nasty.
I got e-mails on some
of the people attending.
I need to know the who,
the when and the where.
All right.
I'll look into it.
[ Groans ]
Guy's a good friend.
I feel like a son of a bitch
playing him like that.
Yep. I know how you feel.
But you know what always
cheers me up?
Stealing a chemical weapon
from a bunch of crazy
South Americans.
So--
[ Clears Throat ]
you guys don't
really talk much
during missions, huh?
[ Vehicle Approaches ]
Fi's in position.
Does that mean that we
are gonna do this now?
'Cause I'm getting antsy.
We aren't doing anything.
You're gonna stand still
and stay out of trouble.
[ Car Door Closes ]
Am I sensing hostility here?
I thought we were supposed
to be teammates.
Is that what you thought?
Yeah, 'cause
teammates don't usually
frame each other for murder.
Jesse, she's going in.
Look, I don't know
what to tell ya, chief.
It's for your own safety.
I need everybody
out of here right now.
Sam's doing his thing.
Get ready.
[ Sniffs, Exhales ]
Whoa! Did you get
a whiff of that?
That's a serious leak.
This is a gas main.
Sir, I can't.
You're sitting on a powder keg.
If this place goes up,
we're gonna be part
of the biggest barbecue
in the history of Miami.
You and your pals
have gotta get moving.
[ Spanish ]
[ Michael Narrating ]
Any strategy based on
creating fear in your target...
is a bit of a gamble.
It's not just a matter
of whether you succeed
in making your target afraid.
That's easy.
[ Man Shouting In Spanish ]
What's a lot harder...
is ensuring that they don't
fear something else even more.
[ Spanish ]
That's good, right?
"Gringo"-- that's me.
Got it. I have to--
Okay, I can understand that.
Something's wrong.
They're not leaving.
- Why not?
- I don't know.
Excuse me! ¡Señora!
I need to ask you
some questions.
Wait a minute.
This isn't good.
I'm sorry. I'm just
terribly late as it is.
So sorry.
It's necessary.
- I'm goin' in.
- We're goin' in.
No, you can't ride in there
and save the day.
The operation will be over.
Let me help her.
Oh, right.
You guys don't trust me.
How about this?
You don't like what you see,
then you can shoot me first.
You have a stroller
and no baby?
Maybe you
can explain this to me.
I need to see some I.D. now.
Yeah, well-- Okay, well,
that's in the glove compartment.
You caught her!
I was so worried.
Thank you.
Thank you. Oh!
You're the neighborhood
security guy, right?
Yeah. $500 stroller.
And this bitch
just walked away with it
from the park around the corner.
What? That is a lie.
Oh?
Get outta my face!
Or what?
Or this!
[ Groans ]
I already
called the police, you psycho!
You're goin' to jail!
[ Screams ]
That's enough.
Get the hell outta here!
Both of you!
- [ Fiona ] God!
- Not bad, right?
- Yeah. I've seen better.
- Oh!
Okay. So plan A
at the compound--
[ Whispers ]
kind of a fail.
It wasn't a total loss.
We know where they keep
the weapon now.
- We're going in tonight
to take it.
- "Take it." I likey.
But isn't there an alarm
on the vault thing?
You have some magic spy way
to beat them?
No, there's no way of avoiding
tripping the alarms.
So we're gonna
take out the lights
with a sniper rifle...
and the sirens
with spray insulation.
Yay, team.
We go in, open the shed
with a water saw,
hand the weapon off
to Sam and scatter.
We'll meet up
at a rally point
when we're done.
Water saw?
Those things take forever.
What you need
is a thermal lance.
Cuts through cement
in under a minute.
You can get your hands
on a thermal lance?
I'm a thief. Remember?
And not to brag, but I do
handle one like a surgeon.
No. You're watching
on the sidelines
on this. Remember?
Hmm. Okay, show of hands...
for how many have used
a thermal lance
in a heist before.
What? No? Just what, me?
I'm gonna be there anyway.
I might as well
be of some use.
What's with the skeptical looks?
Even after I saved your butt
at the compound?
[ Clicks Tongue ]
I wanted this
to be a surprise, but--
Here.
Your .45.
You're off the hook
for murdering Stuart.
Don't expect
a thank-you note.
Are we a team on this
or not?
I'll call Jesse and tell him
we don't need a water saw.
You should have him come
to lunch. 'Cause he's moody,
but he's cute, right?
He's busy.
Oh.
[ Michael Narrating ]
Intelligence work
is all about relationships.
Like a romance,
working with a source is more
about the heart than the head.
Of course, romantic
relationships usually end
if there's a betrayal,
whereas spy relationships
often begin with one.
How'd it go?
Any luck getting details
on the auction?
Listen, before we do this,
I want to get something
straight.
What happens if I say no?
Marv, we've been over this.
I asked you to help
'cause it's important.
I'm not some starry-eyed source
who needs a pep talk.
What if I say no?
What are you gonna do?
You gonna tell my wife? Huh?
You gonna ruin my career?
Huh? What's it gonna be?
You know, Marv,
I'm no beginner either.
And, uh, I can tell when
someone's trying to get me
to talk about blackmail.
You look
a little uncomfortable
in those slacks.
You recording me?
Oh, what do we have here?
A digital recorder.
- Wow. Really, Marv?
- I had to protect myself.
Blackmail me once,
shame on me.
You do it again--
Yes, Jesse, I'm recording you.
Marv, I asked you to help me
'cause I don't have
anybody else to ask.
You wanna walk away,
that's fine, man.
Walk away.
I'm not gonna
blackmail you.
Come on.
The hell
are you into, Jesse?
I do this favor you ask.
Those e-mail addresses belong
to brokers, arms dealers,
some ex-spook
who's into crypto-intelligence.
So you know where
they're coming together
for the auction?
Santo Domingo. Two weeks.
What is this thing everybody
wants to get their hands on?
Uh, it's probably best
you don't know--
for your own good.
Whatever it is, it's gonna
take five million bucks
in an escrow account...
just to get
a seat at the table.
Are you--
[ Sighs ]
Marv, you wouldn't happen
to still have any friends...
at the Federal Reserve,
would you?
You're about to ask me
for five million bucks,
aren't you?
No, I-- Yes.
We both know you can get
your hands on some old bills
marked for destruction.
You've done it before.
For official ops, yes.
Marv, I know how much
you used to love...
the cloak-and-dagger stuff,
being out in the field.
This is it, man.
This is what we're all about.
You're back in the game.
Please, just help me
do the right thing.
Why isn't anything
ever easy with you, Jess?
But just for the record,
it's my last trip to Miami.
I love you, Marvin.
What did you do
with Natalie's
murder weapon?
I threw it in the Atlantic.
I wish I could have
sunk Natalie
with it too.
I still hate
that we're going
on this heist with her.
Fi, we can't always pick
our teammates in the field.
But I am not a spy.
I can't pretend someone
doesn't make my skin crawl.
We won't be able to get
the chemical weapon
without her.
At least this way,
we keep her in our sights.
You done planning
Sam's escape route?
Yeah.
Once you hand off
the weapon,
he'll go through Watson Key
to make sure he's not tailed.
Once he's sure he's clear,
he'll head north.
We're good to go.
[ Michael Narrating ] There's
a reason most surprise attacks
are just before dawn.
Sleepers hit
their deepest REM cycles
just before sunrise,
which makes it harder
to come to full alertness.
And anyone on watch
is likely to be exhausted
and at the end of a shift.
[ Loud Yawn ]
- Yeah, you and me both, sister.
- Hit the lights, Fi.
[ Michael Narrating ]
Small-caliber,
high-velocity bullets...
can pierce fragile surfaces
without shattering them.
If you need
to knock out floodlights
from a few hundred yards away,
they're even better
than an off switch.
Spray insulation is handy
for more than keeping
your house cool in the summer.
Use it to fill
the diaphragm of a siren,
and it'll be about as noisy
as a lawn gnome.
[ Electricity Crackles ]
[ Groans ]
[ Body Thuds ]
Moment of truth.
[ Michael Narrating ]
Burning at temperatures...
over 8,000 degrees,
thermal lances are used
by construction crews...
to cut through rock and steel.
They're tricky to operate,
but they'll slice through
a heavy dead bolt like butter.
Come on, baby. Come on.
[ Michael ]
Let's go.
Oh, smooth!
[ Whistles ]
Catch you
on the flip side, Mike.
Little help.
Come on, come on.
[ Groans ]
My ankle.
[ Man ]
¡Fuego!
I think I broke my ankle.
I'm coming back down.
I'm gonna get you.
No. They'll be out any second.
Sam got the case, right?
They're gonna roll out when
they see that it's not here.
I will leave then. Just go.
[ Shouting In Spanish ]
Hey, Mike. I'm at Watson Key.
Looks like I'm free and clear.
I'm heading over there now
to drop this baby off
with my buddy at the base.
[ Michael Narrating ]
Spies are trained
to be careful around roadwork.
Too many workers
for too little work,
you're probably driving
into a snatch-and-grab.
No workers, with roadblocks
guiding you toward
a freshly paved pothole...
rather than away from one--
it's a good bet you're about
to drive over a bomb.
[ Gasping ]
- [ Gunshots ]
- Son of a--
[ Gunfire Continues ]
Natalie?
You take that weapon,
you're in a world of hurt.
The feds, the military--
all hell's gonna
rain down on you.
I don't know, Sam.
$20 million will buy me
a hell of an umbrella.
[ Gunfire Continues, Stops ]
It's gone.
I can't believe it.
It's not your fault, Sam.
I let a psycho get away
with a chemical weapon.
- Who else's fault would it be?
- You didn't let her get away
with anything.
She bombed the road.
She ambushed you
with a machine gun.
You survived, Sam.
That counts for something.
It's time for the $64,000
question. How'd she know
where to set up for the attack?
No one told her
where Sam was gonna be.
- Michael?
- The Japanese restaurant.
We took our shoes off
to sit down.
She had to have
planted a bug in mine
when she went to the bathroom.
I was wearing my loafers.
They're back at the loft.
Damn it!
This is just perfect.
Natalie gets rich
selling mass murder,
and we have a loafer
with a listening device
in it.
It's not ideal,
but it does give us a way
to track down Natalie.
She'll still be listening
to figure out what
our next move is.
If we can convince her
that she doesn't have
the real case,
she'll have to show herself.
[ Jesse ]
Sounds like a long shot, man.
It's the only shot. Let's go.
[ Michael Narrating ]
When a spy finds
a listening device,
the last thing he does
is turn it off.
A bug can be a direct line
into the mind of your enemy.
It's delicate,
but in the right hands,
it's a weapon that can
turn almost any situation
in your favor.
Sam, where the hell
have you been?
I've been calling.
Yeah. Damn near
got myself killed, Mike.
Natalie hit me mid-route.
I thought you said
she was gonna go after me
closer to the rally point.
- Did she get the weapon?
- [ On Radio ] Hell, no.
I had the decoy in
the driver's seat
just in case.
Real thing
was in the trunk.
[ Michael ]
We're lucky
she got sloppy.
Damn right. I mean--
You talk to your fed buddies?
Yeah. Jesse's leaving
the case in the bag check
at the bus station.
We make a call,
they pick it up.
No questions,
no connections to us.
Well, he'd better head out soon.
Traffic on the causeway's
gonna be a beast.
Fortunately, the weapon
was in a standard
shockproof clamshell.
I have a friend...
who sells grenades
out in Hallandale
who had a spare.
Tracker's ready.
Nice range,
burst signal on a timer
so she can't sweep for it.
- [ Device Beeps ]
- Wherever she takes it,
we will find her.
Now all we need
is something nasty
to put in the case.
[ Michael Narrating ] Making
fake weapons is a little-known
but important art.
If you don't want
to put real killing power
in the hands of a bad guy,
you need
a convincing substitute.
A fake chemical weapon
has to be able
to pass a field test--
usually a simple
chemical analysis...
and a cruel demonstration
with a small animal.
Strong pesticide mixed with
tear gas and diesel fuel
will do the trick...
without killing anyone
who weighs more than 20 pounds.
Try not to drop it
on your way to the station.
Okay. It's been
an hour, people.
Has it occurred to anyone
that maybe Natalie's
not going for this?
Be patient, Jesse.
People who are buying
chemical weapons aren't
generally forgiving types.
She can't afford to risk
not having the real thing.
I'm just saying, you know,
maybe we could've
given her a better hint
than "the causeway"...
to get her
to the right bus station.
If it was
too easy, she'd get suspicious.
She'll figure it out.
[ Beeping ]
Wait a minute.
Yeah. She's got it.
It's on the move.
We're in business.
She's in a black Sebring.
She's heading north.
[ Over Headset ]
Sam, you and Mike
take the causeway.
I'm gonna send Fi
northeast on Townsend.
It's go time.
So that's
the dragon lady's den.
Never thought I would
miss the days...
when places like this
were just used
for smuggling cocaine.
She's got both cases, Fi.
Which canister's
the real one?
The black one.
Mine was silver.
Shall we do this?
Uh, that's a chemical weapon
in there, Fi. We can't afford
to go in there shooting.
This goes wrong and this
entire area's a hazmat site
for the next decade.
I'll do this quietly.
If "quietly" doesn't work,
we're coming in
to make some noise.
Fair enough.
[ Beeping ]
[ Hammer Cocks ]
Hi again.
Move and I kill you.
[ Groans ]
You don't quit, do you?
Can't you leave a girl alone
to make a living?
You should've picked
another way to get rich.
Let's go.
Wait. Just--
First, you gotta tell me.
Did you really
switch out the case?
Which one's real--
silver or black?
[ Vehicle Approaches ]
Let's just leave it
as a mystery.
It'll give you something
to think about in prison.
Let's go.
Mmm, I don't think so.
- See, you're cute
and you're clever.
- [ Vehicle Doors Open ]
But your timing sucks.
[ Vehicle Doors Close ]
Your little trick ate up my day,
so instead of getting
my hair done,
I had to come straight
to the buy, and-- [ Sighs ]
my buyers are here.
[ Door Opens ]
- You don't wanna do this,
Natalie.
- Actually, I do.
I really, really do.
Hello, Karl.
Thanks for coming.
We have ourselves
a little situation here.
- Afternoon, guys.
- And you are who?
He came to interrupt
the transaction.
So do me a fave--
shoot him.
You wanted to know
who I was, Karl.
I'm the guy holding a gun
on a can of Novichok agent.
All right,
I've seen enough.
Time to move.
Fi, against five guys
with automatic weapons?
Come on. We roll in there heavy,
Mike's not gonna last
two seconds.
You wanted to know which one
was the real one?
Now you do.
Oh, that's interesting.
Michael's holding
my fake nerve gas hostage.
I pull the trigger,
the bullet releases
the chemical.
It'll spread
about 50 yards.
First, your eyes will burn,
your face will go numb.
If the exposure's not too bad,
you'll live about five minutes.
Too bad the nearest hospital's
10 minutes away.
Last chance to walk away.
He's bluffing.
He's not gonna
kill himself for this.
And you'd rather die
than give us that weapon, hmm?
Try me.
- [ Man ] Quick! Get out!
- [ Coughing ]
Go! Go! Get to the cars!
[ Michael Narrating ]
You never forget
your first exposure to tear gas.
It feels like you're drowning
in your own fluids.
There's a reason why nothing
induces panic like a gas attack.
[ Coughing ]
Smile, Natalie.
It's not like you're dying.
[ Sobbing ]
I have to go
to the hospital!
No. Michael shot a cylinder
full of tear gas and pesticides.
My own special blend.
[ Chuckles ]
Hey, I got
more good news for you.
You're gonna be a hero.
You are gonna call the F.B.I.
and tell them...
where they can find
a stolen container
of Novichok agent.
Natalie, you forgot
your chemical weapon
back there.
Touché.
Boy! You know, your buyers
and those Venezuelan guys...
are gonna be asking
a whole lot of questions
when this goes public.
So your best bet,
if you want to stay alive,
is to make nice with the feds
and tell them everything.
And I mean everything.
The number to dial is 911.
Just say you want someone
from Homeland Security.
You guys,
can we please make a deal?
I got money, and I got--
You got five seconds
to dial that phone.
And Natalie--
Clean yourself up
before they get here.
You look like hell.
[ Whimpers ]
There you go--
five million in cash.
Don't say I never
gave you anything.
Marv, this is clutch, man.
You so much as buy
a latte in the airport
with that money,
we're both in
for a world of hurt.
Understood.
No lattes.
Listen.
Before you go down this road,
I want you to ask yourself
something.
Can you trust
Michael Westen?
[ Chuckles ]
That's-- That's
a complicated question.
The guy ruined your life,
he destroys your career.
Then he turns around
and takes you in?
What the hell kind of person--
I don't know what to tell you.
I'm still working on that.
All righty.
Take care of yourself,
Jess. Okay?
Hey, Marv.
Thank you.
[ Exhales ]
[ Cell Phone Rings ]
[ Beeps ]
Yeah, Fi?
Hey, Jesse. You wanna
grab lunch at the Carlito?
Um--
I'm buying.
Yeah, what the hell.
I can go for some fish tacos.
Oh. Funny running
into you people
here.
Wasn't my idea.
Madeline wanted me
to get you two together.
Since you wouldn't sit down
with Michael, and Michael
wouldn't sit down with you--
Oh, whatever.
You know how she is.
Look, Maddy,
this is really none of--
Shut it.
And sit down.
I'm so tired of this crap.
I know enough about the lives
that you people lead
to know this.
If you two don't start
trusting each other again,
somebody's gonna end up dead.
Jesse.
Michael ruined your life,
got you fired.
He was trying
to do a good thing,
so get over it.
Michael.
Jesse shot you in the chest.
He was trying to save your life.
Deal with it.
I'm not talking about closure.
I'm talking about good
old-fashioned gutting it out.
You know what families do...
when people lie...
and betray each other?
They suck it up
and they move on.
So if you two are good,
shake on it.
If you're not, too bad.
Shake anyway.
I'll leave you two alone
to talk.
[ Exhales ]
Wow. Your mom's good.
How'd your meeting
with Marv go?
He got us the money.
Call up Barry,
have him put it
in the escrow account.
You want to stay for a bite,
start planning?
We have an auction
to crash, Jesse.
[ Mouthing Words ]
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org